README.md, before:

# Minishell

A simple shell implementation in C, built as part of the 42 curriculum.

## Requirements

This shell should:
- Display a prompt when waiting for a new command.
- Have a working history.
- Search and launch the right executable (based on the PATH variable or using a
relative or an absolute path).
- Use at most one global variable to indicate a received signal. Consider the
implications: this approach ensures that your signal handler will not access your
main data structures.

Be careful. This global variable must only store the signal number
and must not provide any additional information or access to data.
Therefore, using "norm" type structures in the global scope is
forbidden.

- Not interpret unclosed quotes or special characters which are not required by the
subject such as \ (backslash) or ; (semicolon).
- Handle ’ (single quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence.
- Handle " (double quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence except for $ (dollar sign).
- Implement the following redirections:
  - < should redirect input.
  - \> should redirect output.
  - << should be given a delimiter, then read the input until a line containing the
  delimiter is seen. However, it doesn’t have to update the history!
  - \>> should redirect output in append mode.
- Implement pipes (| character). The output of each command in the pipeline is
connected to the input of the next command via a pipe.
- Handle environment variables ($ followed by a sequence of characters) which
should expand to their values.
- Handle $? which should expand to the exit status of the most recently executed
foreground pipeline.
- Handle ctrl-C, ctrl-D and ctrl-\ which should behave like in bash.
- In interactive mode:
  - ctrl-C displays a new prompt on a new line.
  - ctrl-D exits the shell.
  - ctrl-\ does nothing.
- Your shell must implement the following built-in commands:
  - echo with option -n
  - cd with only a relative or absolute path
  - pwd with no options
  - export with no options
  - unset with no options
  - env with no options or arguments
  - exit with no options

The readline() function may cause memory leaks, but you are not required to fix them.
However, this does not mean your own code, yes the code you wrote, can have
memory leaks.
You should limit yourself to the subject description. Anything that
is not asked is not required.
If you have any doubt about a requirement, take bash as a reference.

## Bonus part

Your program must implement:
- && and || with parenthesis for priorities.
- Wildcards * should work for the current working directory.

## External allowed functions

```
readline,
rl_clear_history,
rl_on_new_line,
rl_replace_line,
rl_redisplay,
add_history,
printf,
malloc,
free,
write,
access,
open,
read,
close,
fork,
wait,
waitpid,
wait3,
wait4,
signal,
sigaction,
sigemptyset,
sigaddset,
kill,
exit,
getcwd,
chdir,
stat,
lstat,
fstat,
unlink,
execve,
dup,
dup2,
pipe,
opendir,
readdir,
closedir,
strerror,
perror,
isatty,
ttyname,
ttyslot,
ioctl,
getenv,
tcsetattr,
tcgetattr,
tgetent,
tgetflag,
tgetnum,
tgetstr,
tgoto,
tputs
```

## Documentation

- Conceptual Guide: ./docs/CONCEPTUAL_GUIDE.md
- End-to-end Logic: ./docs/MINISHELL_FLOW.md
- Flowcharts: ./docs/FLOWCHARTS.md

Commit message:

Update README to include project contributors

README.md, after:

# Minishell

A simple shell implementation in C, built as part of the 42 curriculum.

This project was implemented by:
- Ana Isabel Garrido - https://github.com/BelGarrido
- Juan Mondón - https://github.com/x65juan56x

## Requirements

This shell should:
- Display a prompt when waiting for a new command.
- Have a working history.
- Search and launch the right executable (based on the PATH variable or using a
relative or an absolute path).
- Use at most one global variable to indicate a received signal. Consider the
implications: this approach ensures that your signal handler will not access your
main data structures.

Be careful. This global variable must only store the signal number
and must not provide any additional information or access to data.
Therefore, using "norm" type structures in the global scope is
forbidden.

- Not interpret unclosed quotes or special characters which are not required by the
subject such as \ (backslash) or ; (semicolon).
- Handle ’ (single quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence.
- Handle " (double quote) which should prevent the shell from interpreting the metacharacters in the quoted sequence except for $ (dollar sign).
- Implement the following redirections:
  - < should redirect input.
  - \> should redirect output.
  - << should be given a delimiter, then read the input until a line containing the
  delimiter is seen. However, it doesn’t have to update the history!
  - \>> should redirect output in append mode.
- Implement pipes (| character). The output of each command in the pipeline is
connected to the input of the next command via a pipe.
- Handle environment variables ($ followed by a sequence of characters) which
should expand to their values.
- Handle $? which should expand to the exit status of the most recently executed
foreground pipeline.
- Handle ctrl-C, ctrl-D and ctrl-\ which should behave like in bash.
- In interactive mode:
  - ctrl-C displays a new prompt on a new line.
  - ctrl-D exits the shell.
  - ctrl-\ does nothing.
- Your shell must implement the following built-in commands:
  - echo with option -n
  - cd with only a relative or absolute path
  - pwd with no options
  - export with no options
  - unset with no options
  - env with no options or arguments
  - exit with no options

The readline() function may cause memory leaks, but you are not required to fix them.
However, this does not mean your own code, yes the code you wrote, can have
memory leaks.
You should limit yourself to the subject description. Anything that
is not asked is not required.
If you have any doubt about a requirement, take bash as a reference.

## Bonus part

Your program must implement:
- && and || with parenthesis for priorities.
- Wildcards * should work for the current working directory.

## External allowed functions

```
readline,
rl_clear_history,
rl_on_new_line,
rl_replace_line,
rl_redisplay,
add_history,
printf,
malloc,
free,
write,
access,
open,
read,
close,
fork,
wait,
waitpid,
wait3,
wait4,
signal,
sigaction,
sigemptyset,
sigaddset,
kill,
exit,
getcwd,
chdir,
stat,
lstat,
fstat,
unlink,
execve,
dup,
dup2,
pipe,
opendir,
readdir,
closedir,
strerror,
perror,
isatty,
ttyname,
ttyslot,
ioctl,
getenv,
tcsetattr,
tcgetattr,
tgetent,
tgetflag,
tgetnum,
tgetstr,
tgoto,
tputs
```

## Documentation

- Conceptual Guide: ./docs/CONCEPTUAL_GUIDE.md
- End-to-end Logic: ./docs/MINISHELL_FLOW.md
- Flowcharts: ./docs/FLOWCHARTS.md
